Todo list of things to do:
	Iteration 1: Basic Character setup
	X	1) Get a model to use as the male protagonist
			- http://thefree3dmodels.com/stuff/characters/lightning/14-1-0-924
	X	2) Put a character in the empty scene

	Iteration 2: Basic Level setup
	X	1) Start implementing tiles (empty Tile and Floor Tile) and set up the Level class (has a skybox?)
	X	2) Add a level to the game and render it
	X	3) Render both a character and the level to the screen

	Iteration 3: Increased Character control - Finish by 3/31/13
	X	1) Add xbox controller movement/jumping to the player model
	X	2) Add gravity. Maybe we can calculate acceleration due to gravity based on their position relative to the ground?
	X	3) Get a model to use as the female protagonist
	X	4) Render Cloud, Lightning, and the Level to the screen
	X	5) Add control for two characters, using two different xbox controllers

	Iteration 3.5: Fix camera
	X	1) Make camera initialize correctly
	X	2) Change camera to move with the characters

	Iteration 4: Basic Minion setup
	X	1) Find/Create a model for melee minion
	X	2) Draw the minion to the scene, doing nothing

	Iteration 5: PlayerCharacter attack setup
		1) Add code to let PlayerCharacters attack with melee
		2) Add collision detection code to damage enemies that are hit by melee attacks
	X	3) Find/Create model for magic attacks
	X	4) Add magic attacks for Player characters
	X	5) Add collision detection code to damage enemies that are hit by magic attacks

	Iteration 6: Increased Minion abilities
		1) Find/Create minion model for mage and range class
			- No thanks
		2) Implement code to let minions attack depending on which class they are
			-Same as iteration 8

	Iteration 7: Increased Level Stuff
	X	1) Add minions to levels

	Iteration 8: Add in minion AI
	X	1) Create movement and attack AI methods for minions	

	Iteration 9: Sound
	X	1) Add ambient music
		2) Add in sounds for hitting stuff?
			- lol

	Iteration 9.5: Basic UI stuff
	X	1) Showing player health 
	X	1.5) and exp?
	X	2) Showing minion health

	Iteration 9.75: Necessary clean up
	X	1) Make enemy projectiles hit players
	X	1.5) Make player projectiles track better
	X	2) Add victory logic
	X		- Level number and difficulty - this should be fairly extensive. 
	X			Add in blue and red block levels?
	X	3) Add failure logic
	X	4) Make both players reset if one falls
	X	5) Make enemies not reset if they fall
	X	6) The bug where there's an invisible block to the left of the start
	X	7) Make the enemies harder

	Iteration 10: Upgrade system
	X	1) Implement experience stuff
	X	2) Implement the level system		

	Iteration 11: UI
	X	1) Implement the UI
	X		- Respawn screen
		2) Change from skybox to parallax scrolling background		

	Iteration 12: Other stuff
	X	1) Collision with exp is a little bit off
	X	2) Make minions spawn only in tiles right above a platform. Then I can make it so the minions don't just die when they fall off
	X	3) Make the enemies left count not be outlined in black
	X	3.5) Show more info on the HUD
	X	4) Fix the camera movement, it's not exactly right
		5) Implement sight for Players and a way to see where the closest 
			enemy is
		6) Add in player hop in/ hop out functionality?
		7) Rework the Character classes. The position never needs to be converted, just have the GetWorld method do that
			- Might need to put together a GameObject class so I don't have duplicated code for draws. Also, then I can do
				the bounding box collision detection stuff in there.
		8) Particle effect dpsf -- free thing	
